Dear <FirstName> <LastName>:

This email contains your Anime Boston 2014 panel itinerary as well as
instructions for picking up your badge. As of right now, these are the
panels you currently have scheduled:

<ScheduledPanels>

The schedule here is the FINAL SCHEDULE for your panels. Please
disregard any prior emails you have received from me concerning panel
scheduling.

=== BADGE PICKUP ===

If you are a dealer, press, or hosting an industry or guest panel,
just follow the pickup instructions you received from the respective
relations department.

Unless you have recieved specific instructions from someone on staff,
all other panelists should be pre-registered as regular attendees and
will therefore pick up their badges in the regular pick-up lines. If
you arrive late at the convention and are concerned that you will not
be able to pick up your badge in time due to lines, please feel free
to call me at the cell phone number listed below so I can see about
expediting your badge pickup.

As this email is only going out to those listed as panel organizers,
please notify everyone else on your panels of these badge pickup
instructions.

=== PANELIST CHECK-IN ===

Unlike previous years, panelists will not be required to check-in at
Programming Operations in Xxxxx room XXX. However, panelists with
questions or who just wish to say "hi" can visit Programming
Operations if they choose to do so.

If you have any need or desire to see me on Thursday night before the
convention, I expect to be at Programming Operations between 6 and 7
PM, depending on traffic conditions.

If you do have arrangements with another department (press, industry,
exhibitions, etc.), you will still be required to check in with those
departments as required.

=== GUARANTEED MASQUERADE SEATING ===

All panelists are offered guaranteed seating at the masquerade as a
benefit. If you are interested in this guaranteed seating and have not
told me already, please let me know how many of your panelists wish to
attend the masquerade as I need a count before the convention. The
sooner you let me know, the better.

=== PANEL SET UP AND TEAR DOWN TIME ===

There will be 15-30 minute gaps between each panel in each panel room
(with a few exceptions -- such as between panels run by the same
people with similar content). This should give ample time for you to
set up and tear down your panels as necessary.

Please do arrive at your scheduled panel room at least 10 minutes
before your panel is scheduled to start to allow for ample set up
and audio/video testing time.

=== STANDARD PANEL EQUIPMENT ===

First, if you already have made arrangements for equipment other than
what's listed below, those arrangements have not changed. This is
simply a reminder of what the standard panel room equipment is.

It will be the PANELIST'S RESPONSIBILITY to provide their own laptop and
DVDs, if necessary, as well as any adapters required to attach to the
provided equipment.

All panel rooms will be equipped with VGA hookups for your laptops,
should you require them. For information on what a VGA hookup looks
like, please visit http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VGA_connector

If your laptop does not support VGA, you will need to provide your own
adapter to connect to VGA. If you do not acquire one before the
convention, there is both a Best Buy and an Apple store located across
the street from the convention center for you to purchase one at-con.

For laptop sound support, there will be a standard 1/8" minijack
hookup -- the same type you'd use to attach headphones or standard
external computer speakers to.

Finally, the rooms will also include a DVD player with remote control,
microphones, and a tech staffer to handle any of your technical needs
during the panel.

=== CONVENTION CONTACT INFORMATION ===

In the case of a panel emergency, I can be reached at the convention
via cell phone at XXX-XXX-XXXX. Otherwise, please find me or leave a
message with another staffer in Programming Operations in Xxxxx room
XXX.

Thank you.

--

Anime Boston Panels Programming Manager
